Hi [Client Name],

I am sorry that you are having issues with the leads not showing up in your CRM, I know how frustrating that could be and I understand this is affecting your team’s reporting and downstream processes.

I have a few question that will help me to get this resolved for you as soon as possible:

1. Which CRM platform are you using?

2. Is this happening with all of the leads? or only some of them? If it’s only some, do you notice any consistent pattern (for example, certain sources,
 lead types, or time periods)?

3 How are the leads being sent to Further? Are you using Further’s native tools, or is it a direct API integration? 

4. Is this issue still ongoing right now, or did it happen ealrier in the week and has since resolved? If so, can you give me times when it happened?

No Problem if you don't have all of the answers, anything you provide highly appreciated. I am also happy to jump on a call to
troubleshoot this with you or your team. Let me know if you would like to proceed. 

Thank you,
Artiom Fine


Possible causes:

1. Authentication failure- In my experience, the most common cause of these sorts of API failures. The token could have expired,
the scope/settings might have been changed. It might have been deleted. I should be able to easily reproduce this.
I would then check to make sure the token is till valid with the right scoopes.
I would check the logs for any 403 errors. 

2. Rate limit issue - the number of leads could have increased dramatically. More difficult to reproduce. I would check the logs for 429 errors. 
If there are any internal dashboards, I would check if there are spikes in the number of leads created, and check if they are associated with failures.

3. Data Mapping and configuration changes - Someone made a field mandatory that wasn't mandatory before in the CRM, or removed a field. This results in 
bad requests. I should be able to reproduce this by simulating the request the client was trying to make. I will look for HTTP 400 errors and what messages they give, they might indicates missing fields

Justification for Questions:

1. What CRM platform are you using? - Narrows down my investigation and allows me to check for any issues or outages tied to this specific platform. (I would not ask this question if I could easily look it up internally)

2. Is this happening with all of the leads? or only some of them? If it’s only some, do you notice any consistent pattern (for example, certain sources,
 lead types, or time periods)? - If some of the leads are making it, I can rule out a variety of issues like Authentication issues, and it tells me that the integration is not completely broken. 
 
3 How are the leads being sent to Further? Are you using Further’s native tools, or is it a direct API integration?  - Allows me to narrow down if the issue is with a specific system within further, I can try reproducing it
with another entry point to see if the issue is there.

4. Is this issue still ongoing right now, or did it happen in the past and has since resolved? If so, can you give me the times when it happened? - I don't want to waste my time trying to reproduce something that is no longer happening,
I can jump directly the logs with a specific time and investigate from there. 

NOTE:
In a real world situation, I would most likely just give the user a quick acknowledgement response first without any questions. I would then perform a quick investigation (around 30-minutes). 
By then I either fixed an issue, identified a fix but unable to fix the issue, or I know what information from the client. I would then provide them with more details. 
I would either tell them the issue is fixed, tell them its not fixed but give them a clearer timeline or what needs to happen for it to be fixed, or send them an E-mail similar to the one above with more tailored questions based on the investigation so far. 
