List of Errors:

1. The mandatory provider_profile field is missing, this will cause the API to return bad request response (HTTP 400).
2. The request passes a "community_id" field which is not part of the leads request. This does not cause any failures if the provider_profile is
correctly provided, but could cause issues in the future or confusion during debugging. Should not be included for best practice.
3. The API path is incorrect, it should be "/api/v1/leads/" not "/leads". The incorrect API will result in an HTTP not found Error (HTTP 404)
4. The '/' at the end is important, otherwise the API treats it as "GET" request and just returns a list of existing leads, but does not throw an error. This causes a silent failure
5. There is no validation on the response, so the API key could be expired/valid, not have required scope or permissions, or it could have exceeded the rate limit (HTTP 403, HTTP 429)
6. "response.success" is in undefined value, regardless of whether the response is correct or not. The function will always return "return {success: undefined}". 
This is a silent failure that gives no information as to whether the request succeeded or not. This is the most crticial error here as it hides all of the other ones.
7 "Payload" must be converted to JSON string before submission. Otherwise the "Body" won't be properly passed in the API, resulting in a bad request (HTTP 400)


Additional validation

1. I would add additional validation on the inputData fields that are coming in. I would confirm that they are all present and valid (email and phone)
2. I am assuming that the expected result here is success: true or success: false . I don't know where this Zap is in the Zapier workflow. 
What is the next Zap expecting, or if this is the last Zap. Based on that, I might change the return value, to return the status code or I might throw an error,
I could also add logging so that the errors are better cut. 

Root cause notes:

1. The user says nobody touched the Zap recently. Based on the set-up, my guess would be that the request was failing silently and never actually created any leads.
It is also possible that a legacy request, and further recently updated their system. 

NOTE:
1. See assignment_2.js for the fixed code
